Todo: fix pre-justified hyphens throughout this doc

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/closure_guide.rst,
line 3.)

Todo: fix code indentation throughout

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/closure_guide.rst,
line 5.)

Todo: fix this section.

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/closure_guide.rst,
line 479.)

Todo: Is there a better way to structure the various closure documents so that
there's a single topical heading? Or is that the job of a :topics: or :tags:
option?

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/closures.rst, line
3.)

Todo: in the original docs, there is a separate file (closures-abstract) with
a copy of the content in this section. Assuming we want to preserve it as an
artifact, I'm still looking for a good way to advertise its presence. This may
get resolved through the general process of cleaning up how closures is
structured.

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/closures.rst, line
260.)

Todo: slashes need escaping, but I'd like to wait to see if they can be a good
test case for a linter rule to detect things that probably need escaping.

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/escape.rst, line
19.)

Todo: vary this language depending on whether we're generating HTML or
plaintext (or make it generic enough to suit both)

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/lpc.rst, line 3.)

Todo: this was plaintext-justified; need to fix errant spaces

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/mappings.rst, line
3.)

Todo: all of these should link to manual pages, yeah?

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/types.rst, line
5.)

Todo: there are multiple things I hate about this: these definitions are
roughly duplicating *escape* and it would instead be most-ideal to have a
directive/role that could either link us to those defs or reproduce them
locally, a definition list is a really airy/verbose markup element to use for
such brief definitions, this list is duplicated *again* in the string section
below; I'm roughly talking about having small topical glossaries that can be
included or linked, I guess.

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/types.rst, line
26.)

Todo: see above

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/types.rst, line
89.)

Todo: if there were a pragma directive subclassing macro, we could link to the
pragma def anytime one appears in text...

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/LPC/unions.rst, line
7.)

Todo: This is out of date. Also document the relation with reset

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/concepts/memory.rst,
line 4.)

Todo: the above section should probably use more semantic markup instead of
just being a big literal block

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/concepts/pgsql.rst,
line 71.)

Todo: This manpage might be not quite up to date with the implementation.

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/concepts/tls.rst, line
67.)

Todo: should this just link to the other list where these are more thoroughly
defined? Does this list have any information the others don't?

(The *original entry* is located in
/home/lddoc/source/efun/set_driver_hook.rst, line 13.)

Todo: directory thing re: html/plain

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/master/master.rst,
line 3.)

Todo: the below was tagged "Security hint" in our docs; it might be nice to
either have a separate directive for security issues, or be able to supply a
type/category option to the other admonitions (i.e., use directives like note,
warning, hint, tip, but be able to supply a :category: security, etc.)

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/master/master.rst,
line 74.)

Todo: this is another case where being able to pull part of this from the
target would be nice; I wonder if a >>:role:`ref`<< can be magicked into an
expansion based on the target? If nothing else, make these into links

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/master/master.rst,
line 83.)

Todo: make the last half of the title some sort of addendum/annotation

(The *original entry* is located in  /home/lddoc/source/master/master.rst,
line 224.)

Todo: not clear what status should be indicated here; deprecated? removed?
just optional? obsolete?

(The *original entry* is located in/home/lddoc/source/obsolete/set_light.rst,
line 4.)
